Sheldon: Excuse me. Is it at all possible that you’re knitting a pair of pants? Oh, well, no, you’re understandably terrified. But, you know, allow me to explain. 45 days ago, um, I embarked on a railroad journey of healing because my university was making me do string theory, and my favorite comic book store burned down, and when my room mate got engaged, my girlfriend wanted to move in with me, which was no doubt a ploy just to see my, well, excuse my language, but my bathing suit parts. Uh, sir, may I use your phone?

Man: I don’t think so.

Sheldon: Yeah, well, I understand that I’m half naked, but there is a reasonable explanation. While I slept in my sleeper car, all my possessions were stolen. Now, typically, I wear pyjamas, but I recently adopted a hobo lifestyle and pyjamas are the sleep-pants of the Man. I’ll have you know, Mahatma Gandhi wore no pants and a nation rallied behind him. My good man, now, before you walk away, I know that I may appear deranged, but I am, in fact, a world-renowned physicist. Ask me the difference between a boson and a fermion. Go ahead, ask. Bosons have integer spin, fermions have half-integer spin. My legs are getting cold. Why won’t anybody help me?

Scene: The apartment.

Leonard: Morning.

Penny: Hi. Want to do yoga with me?

Leonard: Um, let me just have some coffee first, and then I’ll have the strength to tell you how much I won’t be doing that. (Phone rings) Hello?

Sheldon: Hello, Leonard.

Leonard: Hey, buddy. Good to hear your voice.

Sheldon: Uh, I’m in Kingman, Arizona, and, uh, I need you to come pick me up.

Leonard: I’d love to. I’m just about to do yoga with Penny.

Sheldon: Leonard, I’m at the police station. I was robbed. They took my phone, my wallet, my iPad, everything.

Leonard: Oh, my God, are you okay?

Sheldon: No, I’m not okay. Uh, I’m wearing borrowed pants, I don’t have I.D., and one of the officers here won’t stop calling me chicken legs.

Leonard: Okay. Uh, I’ll, I’ll come get you. What’s the address?

Penny: Hey, what’s going on?

Leonard: He got all of his stuff stolen.

Penny: Oh.

Sheldon: 2530 East Andy Devine Avenue,

Leonard: Okay.

Sheldon: Hurry.

Leonard: Sheldon, hang tight. Hey, do you want me to bring anything?

Sheldon: Oh, yes, please. A pair of pants. And my toothbrush. Yeah, and my mail. And a really good comeback for chicken legs, because “I know you are, but what am I?” was met with stony silence.

Leonard: I’ll be there as soon as I can.

Penny: Is he okay?

Leonard: Yeah, he’s fine, he’s just a little rattled.

Penny: Oh.

Leonard: Feel like driving to Arizona with me?

Penny: I can’t, I have that job interview.

Leonard: Oh, right.

Penny: Besides, I don’t need six hours of your hair is different, why did you change your hair? I’m holding my breath until your hair grows back.